every night in the distance I hear
people scream singing that they were
wish they were playing for escaping out
of this cave then one day she woke up
and realized
nobody wanted to see her kill
experiments all the time then she
started to pk
she got really good at it but then
people started to drag her then she was
like I gotta do does her treasure then
they're like why are you always pick
parking that poor son of a bitch and she
was like I gotta get 55 TV people
watching her life all the time
people can be harsh critics when you're
on one but it's okay because everybody
knows I can't sing wakin up and playing
in runescape I've loved this game ever
since I could play people were like why
do you play this sad GIMP and I'm like
it's the only game that I know have a
plaque living on fruits cape for my life
i love this game till the day that i die
playin root skin for the rest of my days
i know i'll be 8d and still playing this
game
people watching me live
critiquing me every day sometimes I'm
like why do i do this to myself and i
remember that i love this freaky game
Oh
00 mica mr. hayan on my ass and he wants
to kill me give off my dick you old man
can't you see that I'm live streaming
and they're getting in my way
oh my god he's everywhere and he wants
to kill me I think I think I came up
with some good lyrics for that off the
top of my head my god that's quite
impressed with myself
wow I have a lot of emails